[lifecycle] Introduce ViewLifecycleOwner to have granular control over MapView's lifecycle. - MAPSAND-76 (#1330)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Bug fixes 🐞
* Optimise the frequency to update location layer's visibility. ([1399](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1399))
* Fix the delay in the first appearance of the location puck. ([1403](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1403))

> * Introduce internal `ViewLifecycleOwner` to have granular control over MapView's lifecycle. ([1330](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1330))

Author: It's a bug, as we are not handling the lifecycle of the mapview properly. Also updated the description to showcase the issue.

> * Introduce internal `ViewLifecycleOwner` to have granular control over MapView's lifecycle. ([1330](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1330))

Reviewer: just a small one: if it's a bug (and I agree it's a bug) - perhaps rephrase:
```suggestion
* Fix lifecycle edge cases not being handled properly by introducing internal `ViewLifecycleOwner` to have granular control over MapView's lifecycle. ([1330](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/1330))
```
